[OCPBUGS-18481] Add workaround required for BM workers with OSP on 4.11 (#66421)
openshift/openshift-docs: release_notes/ocp-4-11-release-notes.adoc

* Currently, when using a persistent volume (PV) that contains a very large number of files, the pod might not start or can take an excessive amount of time to start. For more information, see this link:https://access.redhat.com/solutions/6221251[knowledge base article]. (link:https://bugzilla.redhat.com/show_bug.cgi?id=1987112[*BZ1987112*])

> * When deploying a Bare Metal machine on {rh-openstack}, customers must set the value of `force_metadata` to `False` in the Neutron DHCP agent configuration. (link:https://bugzilla.redhat.com/show_bug.cgi?id=2213862[*BZ2213862*])

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* When deploying a Bare Metal machine on {rh-openstack}, customers must set the value of the `force_metadata` option to `False` in the Neutron DHCP agent configuration. (link:https://bugzilla.redhat.com/show_bug.cgi?id=2213862[*BZ2213862*])
```

> * When deploying a Bare Metal machine on {rh-openstack}, customers must set the value of `force_metadata` to `False` in the Neutron DHCP agent configuration to overcome a link:https://bugzilla.redhat.com/show_bug.cgi?id=2213862[known issue].

Reviewer: @JoeAldinger Assuming this makes it through change control, is this the appropriate place to add this item?

Reviewer 2: /lgtm

> * When deploying a Bare Metal machine on {rh-openstack}, customers must set the value of `force_metadata` to `False` in the Neutron DHCP agent configuration to overcome a link:https://bugzilla.redhat.com/show_bug.cgi?id=2213862[known issue].

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* When deploying a Bare Metal machine on {rh-openstack}, customers must set the value of `force_metadata` to `False` in the Neutron DHCP agent configuration. (link:https://bugzilla.redhat.com/show_bug.cgi?id=2213862[*BZ2213862*])
```
